---
title: Slack - Integrations
sidebar: tools
breadcrumb: Slack Integrations
---
[Overview](../../../tools/slack/)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Best Practices](../../../tools/slack/best-practices)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Integrations](../../../tools/slack/integrations)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Audio & Video Calling](../../../tools/slack/slack-calls)

Slack is at its best when its at the center of a network of [integrations](https://slack.com/apps){:target="_blank"}, each providing their own information into the chat stream. The [ambient awareness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ambient_awareness){:target="_blank"} generated by the stream of information in Slack, especially from integrations, helps to provide users with an almost omnipresent knowledge of their team members and project status.

There are two basic types of integrations, incoming integrations that send data into a Slack channel, and outgoing integrations which send data out of a Slack channel.

As Slack Teams may contain IBM Confidential content, for any given channel, at any point in time, there are some rules to follow.

## Internal IBM Integrations and Bots
Based on the new [security standard](https://pages.github.ibm.com/it-standards/main/2015/01/24/itss.html){:target="_blank"}, integrations and bots created by our Squads can be added to channels that may contain IBM Confidential data as long as those channels do not cover “sensitive” topics.

An example of _non-sensitive_ IBM Confidential data:
* "possible features in the upcoming version of Watson Conversation"
* "new launch date for our Discovery Service"

An example of a _sensitive_ data would be:
* "Discussions of acquiring (public company) Acme corp." or
* "How to position the slight earnings miss in next week's earnings announcement" or
* "The recovery outlook for Watson Health patient John Smith."

Internal IBM integrations and bots can be hosted in IBM Bluemix and use IBM-created services in the Bluemix catalog.

### Requesting Integrations
> **Note:** This section is specific to the IBM Watson Slack Team. Ask in your #general channel how to request an Incoming WebHook Request...

**Incoming IBM Integrations**
* Incoming WebHooks can be created by anyone in the IBM Watson Slack Team, you just have to request one here: [Incoming WebHook Request](https://ibm-watsonhealth.slack.com/apps/A0F7XDUAZ-incoming-webhooks){:target="_blank"}

**Outgoing IBM Integrations**
Bots and Apps can be connected with outgoing Integrations with the following restrictions:
* Outgoing data _must_ be encrypted.
* You _must not_ send data to third-parties (Google, Microsoft, etc)
* Bots and Apps _must_ be IBM-hosted (Bluemix Public/Dedicated/Premium, or hosted on the 9.x network)
* You _must not_ use third-party services in the Bluemix catalog
* You _must not_ allow raw channel data from Slack to be available to IBMers outside of Slack
* You _must not_ allow raw channel data from Slack to be available to third parties
* Integrations _may not_ be used in private channels that are used for "sensitive" data/topics/conversations.
* You _must_ update the Channel Purpose to state that there is an outgoing integration deployed and you _must_ include a link to a page with details about your outgoing integration.
* All bots _must_ announce themselves when invited into a channel and in that announcement provide a link to a page with details about themselves.
* To request an integration to be used with an IBM-created Bot or App, open an issue: [Outgoing Integration Request](https://github.ibm.com/Watson-Health/slack/issues/new?title=Internal%20IBM%20Integration%20request){:target="_blank"}

## Third-Party Integration Requirements
* Integrations _may_ post information one-way in to Slack.
* Integrations _may_ provide slash commands (such as `/giphy`) if and only if that is the only information they are able to receive from Slack.
* Integrations _must_ be work appropriate.
* Integrations _may not_ have access to the full Chat history unless that history _only_ resides in a server that is secured and approved to hold IBM Confidential information. This is very common for most chat bots, so unfortunately most of them are not allowed.
* Integration endpoints (especially WebHook endpoints) _must_ be kept secret and _may not_ be shared amongst multiple individuals (but _may_ be shared amongst multiple integrations if they are kept secret). Consider integration endpoints as secret and secure as a password.
* Integrations _must_ be configured by the Slack administrators and _only_ the Slack administrators. Integrations that require a specific user's login to configure and use are unfortunately not available. This also means that integrations can only be configured for channels the Slack administrators have access to.
* Integrations _must only_ be used for the purpose they were requested for. General-purpose integration endpoints will not be granted (except in the case where an incoming WebHook is needed, in which case that integration will be monitored to ensure it only provides information related to its initial request).

 The [Slack@IBM FAQ](https://ibm.biz/slack-faq){:target="_blank"} has a non-comprehensive list of approved integrations that can be sued as a first-pass check as to whether an integration can be made available.

### Configured and Approved Integrations

A number of integrations are pre-approved and can be requested simply. In addition, we have a number of configurations already configured and ready for use.

### Configured Applications

The following integrations are already configured and available for use throughout Slack:

* [Giphy](https://slack.com/apps/A0F827J2C-giphy{:target="_blank"} - Animated GIFs, can be used via the `/giphy` slash command
* [Screenhero](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7XDVHB-screenhero){:target="_blank"} - Screen sharing and voice chat for Slack's Screenhero application. Requires a Screenhero account (registration currently closed as features are folded in to Slack)
* [Twitter](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7XDW93-twitter){:target="_blank"} - Automatically expand tweets pasted in
* [Calls](https://get.slack.help/hc/en-us/articles/216771908-Making-voice-calls-in-Slack){:target="_blank"} - One-to-one and group voice and video calls

### Approved Integrations

The following integrations have been approved to be individually configured:

* [GitHub](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7YS2SX-github){:target="_blank"} - Configurable for incoming information for both GitHub Enterprise and public GitHub
* [Travis CI](https://slack.com/apps/A0F81FP4N-travis-ci){:target="_blank"} - Configurable for incoming information for both Travis Enterprise and public Travis
* [Jenkins CI](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7VRFKN-jenkins-ci){:target="_blank"} - Configurable for incoming information
* [PagerDuty](https://slack.com/apps/A0F81FMQW-pagerduty){:target="_blank"} - Configurable for incoming information
* [Twitter](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7XDW93-twitter){:target="_blank"} - Configurable for incoming tweets from a specific user account

## Requesting an Integration

In order to expedite Slack integration requests, please [file an issue](https://github.ibm.com/Watson-Health/slack/issues){:target="_blank"} with the following information:

* What integration you would like to have enabled
* What channel you would like the integration configured for (for multiple channels, multiple integration points will need to be created)
* If applicable, how you would like the integration configured
* If requesting a WebHook, where the information will be coming from (this will allow us to determine if a WebHook is appropriate and secure)

Once an issue has been filed, one of the Watson Slack admins will follow up with the requester with next steps.
